DOC: Mention more error paths and try to consolidate import errors (#26717)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/user/troubleshooting-importerror.rst

    Some module may need to rebuild instead e.g. with 'pybind11>=2.12'.

either as an ``ImportError`` or with::

    AttributeError: _ARRAY_API not found

or other errors such as::

    RuntimeError: module compiled against API version v1 but this version of numpy is v2

or when a package implemented with Cython::

    ValueError: numpy.dtype size changed, may indicate binary incompatibility. Expected 96 from C header, got 88 from PyObject

This means that a package depending on NumPy was build in a way that is not
compatible with the NumPy version found.
If this error is due to a recent upgrade to NumPy 2, the easiest solution may
be to simply downgrade NumPy to ``'numpy<2'``.

To understand the cause, search the traceback (from the back) to find the first
line that isn't inside NumPy to see which package has the incompatibility.
Note your NumPy version and the version of the incompatible package to
help you find the best solution.

There can be various reason for the incompatibility:

* You have recently upgraded NumPy, most likely to NumPy 2, and the other
  module now also needs to be upgraded.  (NumPy 2 was released in June 2024.)

> * Especially if you have version constraints on some packages, ``pip`` may
>   have found incompatible versions when installing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have version constraints and ``pip`` may
  have installed a combination of incompatible packages.
```

> * Manual forced versions or setup steps, such as copying a compiled extension
>   to another computer with a different NumPy version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have compiled locally or have copied a compiled extension from
  elsewhere (which is, in general, a bad idea).
```

The best solution will usually be to upgrade the failing package:

* If you installed it for example through ``pip``, try upgrading it with
  ``pip install package_name --upgrade``.

* If it is your own package or it is build locally, you need recompiled
  for the new NumPy version (for details see :ref:`depending_on_numpy`).
  It may be that a reinstall of the package is sufficient to fix it.

When these steps fail, you should inform the package maintainers since they
probably need to make a new, compatible, release.

However, upgrading may not always be possible because a compatible version does
not yet exist or cannot be installed for other reasons.  In that case:

* Install a compatible NumPy version:

  * Try downgrading NumPy with ``pip install 'numpy<2'``
    (NumPy 2 was released in June 2024).
  * If your NumPy version is old, you can try upgrading it for
    example with ``pip install numpy --upgrade``.

* Add additional version pins to the failing package to help ``pip``
  resolve compatible versions of NumPy and the package.

> * Investigate how the packages got installed and why incompatibilities arose.

Reviewer: I don't think this is really too helpful without a whole section on how to determine what packages are installed.
```suggestion
```

Author: Yeah, maybe, I guess I meant this mainly for package authors that have weird installation incantations.  But those probably have a clue after the first few sentences anyway.
